welcome back oh oh oh oh you guys
yeah suckle da da da yeah come get it
come you crazy come get it
you gonna slow mo - you guys gonna go
crazy maniacs you got just floating ball
Oh bees bees bees bees Oh missiles miss
oh should not stand for a missile town
territory missile magnet I'm just gonna
say words it helps me focus a lot
xenon powerup toilet come on baby my
baby you might back you only leave a
baby yeah baby finger baby good oh oh
money baby girl come Oh stupid tree
freakin wasting frickin space oxygen
kick that over out of here not the
network they're making oxygen to breathe
you can't whatever
ah oh that's it oh you just brought up
the darkness dude you just brought up
the dark side with the big white banging
right in front of it
oh you're gonna get some of this
missiles with Samia down all of it baby
all of it so another thing is good
please please please please die bleep
give me there there's a secret got a
secret a secret
who's the demon president the top
everyone is sitting there looking birth
week
face off I know your own strength dude I
don't know your own strength oh here we
go
Richard thinning I'm Richard Simmons if
he made it with Arnold Oh crazy you know
just dyed your hair
I would love to happen here what did I
say just say just say yeah I do
that's how about Harry machine Bankside
child that's weird this is getting weird
Sanne oh I pity voo I pity the fool
every time Bridgette in it hmm you got a
lot to live for this game is freaking
awesome
I'm just carnage until I'm sorry but I'm
not really sorry gonna die I feel so
good scout for camel full wow I'm good I
mean mo barely isn't a mode you
you'll be jealous happy for me so if I
die holy holy snipe geez see like a DX
Balaji say I'm super alma mater
prepare to be related to me you're going
to be my bro that's right it has been
brominated just admin 8 at the end of
every word it doesn't sound I know it
does bumpy but we don't kill me but I'm
from inator
Oh freakin rescues I need a rescue dog
by the way I need to get another doctor
or referendum freakin
compete with cuz he's a jerk the
daughter in the house you chill out slow
his roll maybe learn to roll over he
probably not though you know shit seas
are these not the least smartest dog
Toby how dare you say that well then in
there I just did it uh by Derek too busy
actually doing stuff I dare you to say
that to my face
see what happens what do you thin until
under bite me you need a little bit oh
oh don't get some of these fists missing
punch you in the belly I did there's no
way this knee is gonna do anything ninja
you are gonna pause it
thanks for watching bless your bananas
if you see you in the city bless you
cereal and then get some coffee and
massage myself Pisa